telemetry: optimize sharedRingBuffer and eliminate false sharing (#2018)
ai-dynamo/nixl: docs/telemetry.md

Telemetry data is stored in shared memory files with the agent name passed when creating the agent.

> `TELEMETRY_VERSION` is the binary layout version of `nixlTelemetryEvent` as serialized in the shared-memory cyclic buffer. Bump it whenever the struct's size, field offsets, or enum widths change, or when a new event type is added to the stream (readers must know the full event-type set). Readers exact-match this value; the C++ shared-ring-buffer path unlinks the file on mismatch, while the Python example raises a `RuntimeError`. There is no backward-compatibility path. The current version is `5`: it was bumped from `4` when the buffer header was padded to two 256-byte-aligned blocks (512 bytes) to eliminate false sharing between `write_pos` and `read_pos`, which changed all header field offsets and the data-array offset. Version `4` was bumped from `3` when the `agent_telemetry_events_dropped` event type (`AGENT_TELEMETRY_EVENTS_DROPPED`) was added.

Author: Makes sense, the opening sentence predates this PR, but worth updating the whole paragraph to be consistent. We can do something like:

```suggestion
`TELEMETRY_VERSION` is the binary layout version of the shared-memory cyclic buffer, covering its header, data placement, and the `nixlTelemetryEvent` entries serialized in it. Bump it whenever the buffer header layout or the struct's size, field offsets, or enum widths change, or when a new event type is added to the stream (readers must know the full event-type set). Readers exact-match this value; the C++ shared-ring-buffer path unlinks the file on mismatch, while the Python example raises a `RuntimeError`. There is no backward-compatibility path. The current version is `5`: it was bumped from `4` when the buffer header was padded to two 256-byte-aligned blocks (512 bytes) to eliminate false sharing between `write_pos` and `read_pos`, which changed all header field offsets and the data-array offset. Version `4` was bumped from `3` when the `agent_telemetry_events_dropped` event type (`AGENT_TELEMETRY_EVENTS_DROPPED`) was added.
```

I’d be more than happy to push my suggestion as a follow-up commit myself, go with the bot suggestion, or leave as is for this PR, feel free to let me know which one you’d like.
